= Building and Installing libifmap2c =

Development and testing of the library is done using
 * Slackware Linux 13.37. (32 bit and 64 bit)
Other systems on which the library was compile-tested at least are:
 * Ubuntu Server 11.04 (64 bit)
 * Arch Linux
 * FreeBSD 8.2 (32 bit)
 * OpenBSD 4.9 (64 bit)
 * Mac OS X

If you have problems building the library on those systems, please let me know.

At the moment I'm not doing development using Windows.

==Prerequisites==
You need the following software to be able to successful compile libifmap2c.
Make sure you have the development packages for libxml2 and libcurl.

 * cmake (tested 2.8)
 * libxml2 (tested > 2.7.7)
 * libcurl (min 7.19.1) 

*Note:* If using Ubuntu, make sure to use the OpenSSL package, e.g *libcurl4-openssl-dev*. I had problems with the gnutls package verifying the server's certificate.

== Checking out the source / Extracting the archive ==
 * Switch to a directory where you want to check out the source
 * {{{svn checkout http://libifmap2c.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ libifmap2c}}}
 * {{{cd libifmap2c/libifmap2c}}}
Alternatively you can download the archive and extract it:
 * {{{tar xvf libifmap2c-<version>.tar.gz}}}
 * {{{cd libifmap2c-<version>}}}

== Building the Library ==
 * {{{cd build}}}
 * {{{cmake ../}}}
 * {{{make}}}

== Installing the Library ==
If you want to install the library and header files into system directories, e.g. {{{/usr/local/[lib/include]}}}, run {{{make install}}} as root. Don't forget to run {{{ldconfig}}} afterwards in order to make use of the newly installed library.