= libifmap2c-0.3.0 =
10. July 2011

 The "Lets break things" release ;)

== Changes ==

 * Switch the arguments of SSRC::purge(), The publisher-id goes first, then the session-id. This makes it consistent with the other SSRC methods.
 * Rename !ErrorResultError into !ErrorResult.
 * Add a name attribute to !ErrorResult, to be set if the !ErrorResult is contained in a !PollResult (name of subscription).
 * Create !IfmapError as superclass for all errors except !ErrorResult. A user therefore only needs to catch !IfmapError and !ErrorResult.

 * !IfmapError and !ErrorResult now support output to a stream. No need for the `getMessage()` calls anymore, e.g:
   {{{    
    try {
       ssrc.newSession();
       ssrc.publish(something);
       ssrc.endSession();
    } catch (IfmapError ifmapError) {
       cerr << ifmapError << endl;
    } catch (ErrorResult errorResult) {
       cerr << errorResult << endl;
    }
   }}}
 * Rename !SubPublish and !SubSubscribe to !PublishElement and !SubscribeElement, respectively. The old names were just horrible.
 * !SearchResult::getResultItem(Identifier i1, Identifier i2), to  a single !ResultItem element changed to return a list of !ResultItem objects, as there might be multiple !ResultItems with the same Identifiers (depending on the MAPS used).
 * Disable "pretty printing" to generate the resulting XML document.
 * Rename !SearchResult::getSearchResultName() into ::getName().
 * SSRC::newSession() max-poll-result-size parameter changed to int.
 * Add two more createPublishUpdate() methods which make creation of updates containing a link "look better".
 * Introduce a !UserMetadata class, which can be used to generate own metadata types.
 * Rename !ResultItem::getMetadataList() to ::getMetadata()

== Bugfixes ==

 * Rename !InvalidSessionId back to !InvalidSessionID...
 * !PollResult objects now correctly may contain !ErrorResult objects.
 * Revisited parsing of !PollResults. It was "pretty broken" before.
 * Uninitialized iterator dereferencing in !PollResult fixed.
 * Don't expect an errorString to be set in all !ErrorResults,